W-21710510 content for azure ai foundry and bedrock agentcore jh (#352)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/adding-microsoft-foundry-scanner.adoc

= Adding a Scanner for Microsoft Foundry
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Add a scanner to discover, import, and sync agents from Microsoft Foundry into Exchange. Then you can govern the agents and consume them in other applications.

== Before You Begin
This setup requires specific configurations and access privileges within the Azure environment to enable the agent scanner to access and list Microsoft Foundry agents.

* Prerequisites
+
** An Active Azure Subscription is required for creating a Microsoft Foundry project.
** An Azure App Registration must be completed in the Azure portal to generate necessary credentials in the Azure portal.
** A new project created using the resource type, Microsoft Foundry resource.
* Required Configuration Values
+

> The following values, obtained during the Azure App registration setup, are required for scanner configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values, which are obtained during the Azure App registration setup, are required for scanner configuration:
```

+
** Tenant ID (Directory ID)
** Client ID (Application ID)
** Client Secret
* Required Permissions and Roles
+
** The application principal from the prerequisite step must be assigned the Azure AI Developer role within the Azure portal to grant the scanner access.
* Scanner Configuration Limitations
+
Agent listing is project-specific:
+
** The user must provide all corresponding Project IDs during scanner configuration if agents are spread across multiple projects.
** A new scanner configuration is required for every new project created.

+

> For more information, see the Azure documentation.

Reviewer: Link?
